Convert the following content into clean, interview-ready bullet points for easy reference. Please avoid using Unicode characters in the response:
So let us discuss what EF core is. So ef core short for entity framework core is an open source ORM library and ORM is short for object relational mapper. So it's usually like a software that allows you to map database functions and connectivity from the database engine into your application. So most if not all development stacks boast and built in or M and when we are using .NET technologies, EF core is the ORM that is the most advertised and recommended one for us to use. So it gives us a PS or functionality that make it easy to interact with the database while writing code. Of course, an ORM helps us to increase productivity because it helps us to eliminate some repeated procedures when we're trying to connect to different data stores and we can have a consistent code base. 
Now, of course, used in millions of applications and it's very stable, robust and highly performant. So if you're worried about, is it good enough for a production system? Yes, it is, it has been tried true and tested. Now. When developing with EF core, there are two different kinds of patterns. The first one is code first and this is what we will be using in this course. Now the code first pattern basically lets us write classes that then generate the database. 
So we are going to write a class that models the entity or the table. So all the properties that we put in a class will map back to columns we have in a table. And after we've, you know, conceptualized all of that, we run a few commands using EF core and it actually will create the database for us. And using this concept called migrations, we can actually track every time a change is made to the models and the database by extension. The other pattern that you would see is database first. Now this is common when the database actually exists already, which is a common scenario because you might get hired by a company who wants to update an existing application, which means they have an application with a database with thousands millions of records. So they can just say, oh I want a new database. 
So using EF core, you can actually generate or reverse engineer that database structure into the code and then interact with it. And if that database changes, you can always repeat that procedure and keep your code as up to date as possible. So there are certain key components that you'll find with EF core one, you have the database adapter. Now this is at the base base level. This is where it begins because this allows you to actually connect to the database. So there are several types of database engines that are supported by EF core, some are built and maintained by Microsoft and some are built and maintained by the different database providers. So the adapter that we will be using in this course is for SQL server, which is a Microsoft database engine. 
However, there is an adapter for posters, there's one for MySQL and for different database engines that you might need to use. The next thing though is the database context which is consistent at the code level. There's a lot of consistency. So this database context represents a class that represents the database model in code. So all the tables, all the stored procedures views, etcetera, all of those are kind of mapped out in this class. And then you have the database models or the data models which are classes that represent the tables. So in the previous slide, I did say that in the code first model, you have to create a class that represents the table. 
And in the database first, it's going to look at the tables and then reverse engineer them into classes. So that is what we call data models, those classes that map directly to the tables in the database. And then finally, the way that the actual um operations are carried out is through this dialect I call it called link. Now link is converted to SQL and data types are converted and everything. So that means in C# we have a data type called string for text. But in databases, you don't usually see string, usually see something like VARCHAR or in VARCHAR. So ef core will map those two, those two data types automatically for you. 
And when we're writing link, we just have to write the C# code and then it will get translated into the SQL behind the scenes. So we don't have to write SQL code inside of our C# application. So just quickly link is short for language integrated query. When we are acquiring our databases, queries are written directly in C# syntax using link. And in the back end, just like I said, just now, it's translated into SQL. And by extension link can be used for non database operations like to do operations against lists and collections. So now that you have a high level understanding of what EF core is, when we come back, we're going to jump over and take a look at the EF core facilities that are already present in our project. 