Convert the following content into clean, interview-ready bullet points for easy reference. Please avoid using Unicode characters in the response:
Now let's take a look at the database context file that we got out of the box. Now when we were creating our project, we would have selected that we want to use identity and individual accounts as a result. We got this data folder and this data folder came with the migrations folder which we'll look at in a few. But we also got this class file called the application DBCONTEXT. So in this application db context, we have a few things happening here. One, we have an Inheritance from identitydb context. Now if you notice this identitydb context comes to us courtesy of this package that says Microsoft dot P net core dot identity dot entity framework core dot identitydbcontext, right? So that's the name space it's in and incidentally that is also the name of the package that is coming from there we go Microsoft .NET dot P net core identity entity framework core. 
So thanks to this package, we have access to this class that we can inherit from. Now, this class comes with certain tables out of the box or certain data model classes out of the box that we are not. We don't have to create them, right? However, by default, even if we didn't select the identity option, and let's say we wanted to build our database from scratch, scratch with no help at all. Then I wouldn't have that package and I wouldn't have that Inheritance instead, I would have this Inheritance for just db context. So this is just the standard class from entity framework core. And you notice this using statement is not grayed out and this one is still in use. 
So this is a standard class from entity framework core that lets this class know that it represents a database model. It is a representation of a database inside of the code. So just by doing this, we have made this class like a super class that represents the database. There are other things that we have to do obviously, but we'll do that later on. But this part is the most important part now because we're using identity and we have the need for some preset, prebuilt um out of the box user related tables. We can use the extension of that db context which is identity db context and this identity db context gives it the same. Hey, you're a database representation functionality, but you will also have some data models by default that I the developer don't have to put in. 
So that's all that's really happening here. So even if you didn't get this data class out of the box, right, maybe you didn't select identity, but you want to use entity framework core, you can go ahead create a folder if it doesn't already exist, create a class. I recommend calling the class D db context or data context or something like that to suggest that this class is supposed to be a database related class. And the most important part here is to inherit from at least eb context. Next, we have this constructor and I'm not going to get into the details and the mechanics of what's happening in the constructor. Not yet at least, but just know that this is basically saying, go ahead and get the configuration options because when the application starts up, we have to point it to our database, we have to give it certain information, right. So go get that information when the application starts up. 
So you can use it here but also pass it down to the base class, the Inheritance. All right. So that's really what this constructor is doing. So now that you have a high level understanding of what the database context class is doing when we come back, we're going to review what the connection string is and how exactly we can modify it for our needs. 