Convert the following content into clean, interview-ready bullet points for easy reference. Please avoid using Unicode characters in the response:
All right. So now that we have a little taste of EF core and of course, we're scratching the surface and we will do more as we go along. But EF core is a whole topic by itself. So I just want to discuss some best practices that you can have in the back of your mind as we proceed, one try to keep your migrations succinct. So similar to when you're writing code and when we're going to be like logging changes that we're making to the code as we go along, we want to kind of do it in a per module or like category wise. So you want to have the same mindset with migrations, you don't want to make 50 different seemingly unrelated changes to the database and put all of that into one migration. When you're doing a migration, try to make sure that all the changes are related to a single objective being completed with that being said, also make sure that your migration names are descriptive. 
So when you add the migration and we saw how to do that using dotnet EF tools or the CL we will see how to do that using the the tools, ef tools commands in the package manager console. But what they do have in common is a name. So the name should be descriptive. Doesn't have to be an essay, but at least I should be able to just look at the name and say, oh this is the change that was made also follow the naming convention. So EF core tries to make it easy for us developers and sometimes we developers bypass all of the conventions that EF core has and then try to do our own thing and then end up in difficulties later on. So I suggest that you just follow the conventions as best as possible. So you notice that by default, we got an application db context, you might create your own db context. 
But my suggestion and this is not a requirement, but an overall suggestion is any time you create a class that is going to inherit from db context or identity DB context and it represents the data context in your project. Let the name have db context as a suffix, right? So it might be leave management database db context, whatever it is just put db context on the class name that will make it easy for you and other developers to know what this class is. And that it represents the database context. When we're creating our models, you'll see that when we create our primary keys, we can either call it ID or give it the entity name ID. This means that if I'm creating a table, like in our case, leave type, I can either say ID, which is a standard way to name your ID column and into different worker will automatically know this is the primary key and register it as such or I can say leave type id and it will automatically know. But then if you go and create some other name, then you're going to have to put in additional steps to make sure that if CORS it's a primary key. So my suggestion is just follow the convention similarly with the foreign keys, you can easily create a foreign key relationship with two things. 
One a property that is related entity name ID. So if you have two entities that need to relate to each other, whichever one has the foreign key, you create that property with the name of that entity and ID on the end and you put in a navigation property and we're going to see what that means. Navigation property, don't worry about it. Another thing is get comfortable with EF core commands. So we scratched the surface with EF core commands. But there are so many other things you can do with EF core things that we may not necessarily cover or need to cover in this particular course, but would be good for you to know as you in your career and using EF core in other contexts that being said I suggest that you check out my full course on entity framework core where I go from scratch with entity framework core to the end. So you get a full scope of all that it's capable of and all of these commands. 
So with all of that done, let us review this section. 